Terms of Service:

 

Welcome to Flicks!

By accessing and using Flicks application you agree to abide to the following terms and conditions of use:

 

Responsibility:

-       You are responsible for any vulgarity, and engagements of vulgarity for all activity that results poorly in your service. We do not claim liability for the content produced by users posted and produced.

Opportunity:

-       People are unique individuals and we want this platform to provide them with the opportunity to discover movie reviews. All in the process we want the user to create find, and share experiences and knowledge they have within movies for themselves and for others. We believe that the safest environment provides the user with the best experience and we are not liable for any harmful behavior and content that someone may find offensive. We want to ensure that the technologies we use help us engage the integrity of our service.

Entertainment:

-       Third party platforms may grab data from users to show ads, sponsors, and content we believe is meaningful and relatable for you. In our attempts to improve our platform each day we want to improve your experience each day with new content with direct relevance to its users. We want the Flicks community to be a welcoming and entertaining one so each day we can engage and enjoy what it has to offer.

User Assurances:

-       You must be 13 years or older.

-       You must not be a convicted sex offender.

-       Information about your profile must be true, and accurate to the its terms.

-       We must not have previously disabled your account for violation of our laws or policies.

-       You cannot impersonate and misrepresent any other person.

-       You cannot create an account of another person without their permission.

-       You cannot do anything unlawful, or for an illegal unauthorized purpose.

-       You can’t do anything to interfere with the intended operation of the Service.

-       You cannot buy, sell, or transfer any aspect of your account(including username) for any value.

-       You cannot use a domain or url for you username without prior written consent.

-       You must be courteous and respect the opinions and post reviews of others.

-       Inappropriate remarks will not be permitted and we have the permission to disable and deactivate accounts that display that.

-       You must not use the Service to discriminate, display violence, religion, or sexual orientation in any way.

-       Unlawful purposes will not be permitted, copyright, trademarks of any other entity.

-       Nudity of any kind will not be permitted on profile pictures, and any pictures we find offensive.

Permissions:

-       We do not claim ownership of your content, but you grant us a license to use it. When you post a review, or any comments, and content you hereby grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to host, use and distribute works of your content. You can end that agreement by simply deleting your content or the account. However, some content may still appear on others posts if they have not deleted it.

-       We have access to user your username, profile picture, and information about your relationships and actions with accounts, ads, and sponsored content. We will also respect your ad settings.

-       You agree that we can download and install updates to the Service on your device.

-       We attain the right to change a username if we believe that it is inappropriate and necessary to be changed,  (even if it impersonates another user).

-       You can only use our intellectual property and trademarks expressed permitted with written consent.

-       You must obtain written information submitted to us under an open source license to modify, create derivative works of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code form us.

-       We can remove any content we find that violates these Terms of Service. We also have the ability to disable or delete accounts we find that violates our Terms of Service.

-       Use of our logo requires written consent, and you may not alter our logo in any way.

Third Party Applications:

-       We may provide a platform to allow third party applicants to make products and services available to you.

 

Written on October 25, 2020
